# WARNING: THIS MOD IS CURRENTLY IN ALPHA
Systems are not complete, the game is not balanced, there are optimization problems, assets are missing, and not all content is in currently. These will be updated and added somewhat regularly based on my schedule and what mod I'm working on at the time.
# Important Keybinds
Reload key blocks on melee weapons. User1 is the bash key for all weapons. Make sure to bind the 3 active spells (and the menu keys).
# What is Hexen Reforged?
Hexen Reforged is a total gameplay overhaul mod for Hexen. New features include a reworked inventory system including a new menu that allows you to drag, drop, and use items on the fly. Items have been overhauled to make them more useful. Armor has been reworked to be more sensible. A new leveling system with 6 passives has been added that can be used to enhance your character. Each stat is kept simple and offers a clear benefit per point. Weapons have been rebuilt from the ground up to accomodate the new weapon systems. Each weapon now has a primary, alternate, and utility attack. Melee has the previous but also includes the ability to block/parry. Melee has been reworked to use hurtboxes instead of the standard hitscan and is now directional based on your last movement input. Separate collision models have been added to enemies to create new effects like critical zones that don't rely on previous janky methods like checking height and angle of attack. Damage types have been made more important and now include ailments that have unique effects. Enemies have been reworked to make them both scarier and remove annoying down times from invincibility frames.
# How do I install this?
Select Clone or download and download as a zip. You can either drag and drop the zip file onto your GZDoom executable/shortcut or use a mod loader with it. This mod should ideally be compatible with any Hexen mapset.
